### These are the main things a modder may want to do to best take advantage of the new update

## 1. Add `ModHelperData` so it appears in the Mod Browser

This has its own page dedicated to it: [Appearing in the Mod Browser (ModHelperData)](https://github.com/gurrenm3/BTD-Mod-Helper/wiki/%5B3.0%5D-Appearing-in-the-Mod-Browser-(ModHelperData))

Also note: the old system for automatic updating has been marked as obsolete and is no longer (really) in effect. However, users of old mods will still be shown that they can visit your defined download url, so if you continue to host newer mod versions at the same location (at least for a while) then users will still have an easy experience upgrading. 

## 2. Create an icon for your mod

This will appear in the Mod Browser and in the Mod Menu. Simply include an `Icon.png` (under .5 MB) in your project / at the top level of your repo. You can also choose a different name for it in your `ModHelperData`.

## 3. Update to using `btd6.targets` and the Mod Sources folder

Running the game with Mod Helper 3.0 will automatically set up a Mod Sources folder for you (location configurable, default ~\Documents\BTD6 Mod Sources). Moving your projects there lets you easily use the `btd6.targets` file there which will:
  - Get all the correct Melonloader and BTD6 dependencies
  - Include all .png/.bundle files in your project as embedded resources
  - Copy your dll file to the Mods folder on build
  - Allow any one else who downloads your mod to their mod sources to get all the same benefits

If you're experienced with directly editing .csproj files then you can go ahead and manually edit yours using the [one in the Template Mod](https://github.com/doombubbles/btd6-template-mod/blob/main/TemplateMod.csproj) as an example.

If not, you can try out using the simple upgrade script included in the "Create Mod" button in the mods menu. If you type in the name of your existing project folder instead of a new mod name, it'll ask if you want to upgrade your .csproj. If it works, great, but if it doesn't there's no harm done as it backs ups any replaced files to the "BloonsTD6\Mods\BloonsTD6 Mod Helper\Replaced" folder.

The upgrade script will also add the same launch settings profiles and GitHub actions scripts that the TemplateMod shows.

## 4. Update any Mod Settings

A few niche existing properties of Mod Settings have been marked as obsolete and may need updating. You can also then take the opportunity to give icons and/or descriptions to your settings, and possibly sort them into categories if you've got a lot of them.

See the [new wiki page for Mod Settings](https://github.com/gurrenm3/BTD-Mod-Helper/wiki/%5B3.0%5D-Mod-Settings) for all features.
